I'm going to show you how Curves Resolve
takes your track from this
to this.
>> Hi there, I'm Shai Fishman, product lead
at Waves. I'm going to show you how
Curves Resolve solves frequency clashes
between tracks intelligently by
listening to other tracks in your
production. Whatever you're working on,
production, mix, arrangement, there are
always elements fighting for the same
space. Let me show you how to get
started. The first clash is between the
instruments and the vocals. Let's hear
the instruments.
They sound great. It doesn't seem like
there's a problem with those tracks.
Well produced, well arranged. Let's hear
the vocals.
>> Vocals are beautiful. They don't need to
be EQed at all, but together. Have a
listen. Go
down.
>> You can hear the problem. The vocals are
overwhelmed and not coming out. Now, I
don't want to bring up the volume
because it messes with the balance and
brings down the energy of the beat
around it. What I want to do is create a
pocket in the instruments and only when
it's needed to make room for the vocals.
Essentially, I want to process the
instruments based on the vocals. So,
I'll load the plugin on the instruments
track because that's what I want to
affect. And I'll send the vocals through
side chain because that's what I want to
protect. Now, I just need to turn this
main knob.
Make it this far. Push the pedal.
>> As you can hear, the plug-in carves
space for the vocals inside the mix and
responds directly to the track it's
listening to. And I'm done.
So, here we have the classic conflict,
kick and bass. This is where mixes
usually fall apart. There's too much
energy in the low end. It's lacking
separation and definition. Let's resolve
it. I'll load the plugin on the bass
because that's what I want to affect.
And I'll send the kick through side
chain because that's what I want to
protect. In this drop-own menu, I can
tell Resolve that we have a kick coming
in through side chain. And it'll
optimize its settings for this kind of
conflict. And now all I have to do
engage the main knob.
This is great. It actually changed the
profile of the bass and now the bass and
kick groove better. And because I used
auto makeup gain, I didn't lose any
volume. So the bass feels louder than it
did before.
All right, here's a much harder
situation to resolve of guitar versus
keys, which are equally as important in
the production. And not only that, but
they're also completely overlapping in
frequencies. Let's have a listen.
In this case, I'd like to process the
guitars based on the keys.
I want to show you one more thing.
Remember the vocal example from the
beginning? I want to make it even better
by using the learn function. It allows
Resolve to listen to the side chain and
create an average frequency response.
Now you can use this slider to decide
how dynamic or how steady you want the
processing to be.
>> Let's hear the full track with
everything before and after Resolve.
These are just the basics. Resolve
offers a lot more features for advanced
control, including attack, release,
precision, and even a smart ducker. In
fact, the music in this video has been
ducked by my voice this entire time.
That's it for me. Thanks for watching.